Thread credentials: add steps how to share on iPhone (#33508)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/thread.markdown

3. Before you can add Matter-based Thread devices, your phone needs to know the credentials of your newly created Thread network.
   - To share the credentials with your Android phone, open the Home Assistant Companion app.
     - In the Companion app, go to **Settings** > **Companion app** > **Troubleshooting**, then select **Sync Thread credentials**.
     - Follow the instructions on screen.
     - **Result**: You will see a confirmation stating that Thread credentials from Home Assistant have been added to this device.
   - To share the credentials with your iPhone, open the Home Assistant Companion app.
     - Go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & Services**" %}, select the **Thread** integration.

>      - Below the border router, select **Send credentials to phone**.

Reviewer: It should only appear on the preferred border router network, so something like:

```suggestion
     - At the bottom of the preferred network box, select **Send credentials to phone**.
```
